Hey, knock it off.
I'm so sorry.
You okay?
Yeah.
I thought it'd be fun
to take her for a train ride.
Forgot that most of it
was overnight.
Staying up all
night sucks, huh?
On the other hand,
bragging to your friends
about it...
pretty awesome.
Pretty gnarly, huh?
What happened?
MAN: That's enough!
Just shut up!
WOMAN:
Hey, just calm down.
MAN: I don't want
to hear anymore!
I don't even know you.
You don't understand.
Shut up!
MAN: J-Just shut up!
Stay down.
Shut up!
Nobody move, okay?
OFFICER: Stay down.
It'll be okay.
What are you doing?
Stop moving!
I'm gonna go talk to him.
You keep an eye on my daughter?
MAN: Everybody, just stay calm.
MAN: If you move...
It'll be easier
with two of us.
Stop! Don't move!
Whatever happens,
you stay down, okay?
MAN: You hear what I said?
No moving!
Stop crying!
Shut up!
Just shut up!
Hey, man.
Hey, hey...
Calm down.
What the hell, man?
I told you not to move.
I just, I just want
to help you, man.
What happened?
She was rude to me.
Uh-huh.
She wouldn't listen.
Why the hell wouldn't
she just listen?
Hey, everything's
gonna be okay, man.
I promise.
Just give me the gun.
Okay.
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay... Stay with me.
I'm putting more pressure on,
all right? It's gonna hurt.
What's your daughter's name?
Sadie, Sadie.
I'm gonna... Sadie?
Okay.
Sadie, it's okay.
Just stay right there.
Okay, come on, come on.
Come on.
Stay with me, Lieutenant!
* Boom, boom, boom, boom
* Bang, bang, bang, bang
* How, how, how, how
* Hey, hey
* You gotta come on.
Morning.
I come bearing gifts.
New coffee shop finally
opened up, and I got all fancy.
Brought us lattes.
They're supposed
to be amazing.
That is amazing.
Right?
Yeah, it's got,
like a, hang on...
It's got like a special taste
or something, what...
Oh, shoot, you got Sonja's.
It's soy.
Uh-huh.
Here.
No, no, no.
I don't want another one.
I'll make my own.
Well, make one for Sonja,
because these all have milk.
No, Sonja's not here.
She's traveling.
She said she was done
with FLETC.
Not FLETC.
Personal.
LASALLE:
Hey, y'all, get in here.
You seen the news?
Train shooting.
NEWSWOMAN: At this point,
Details are sketchy.
emergency personnel
have arrived on the scene.
Thank you.
of the Louisiana Cypress
shooting.
We can confirm the gunman
fired multiple shots,
but the number of injuries
is unknown.
Police are working on the
identity of the shooter.
The motive behind the attack
is unclear as of now,
but with the investigation
still unfolding,
Two casualties confirmed.
witnesses' statements
are being obtained...
Injured sailor onboard.
NOPD wants our assistance.
Let's work.
PRIDE:
Loretta.
Tell me what we know.
WADE:
Two fatalities.
First, Brian Hendrich, he's 22.
He's our gunman.
Shot a young woman
at close range.
Our girl was Morgan Oliver,
25 years old,
grad student at Tulane,
traveling with her best friend.
Hendrich also shot Lieutenant
Commander Mark Jacoby.
He's in surgery
at St. Teresa's.
According to witnesses,
Jacoby was trying to talk
Hendrich down.
Almost had the gun
when Hendrich "went crazy"
and started firing.
Now, everyone has their
own version of the story,
but they all use the word crazy.
Yeah, another similarity
is everyone says two men
tried to stop the shooter.
Jacoby went in for the gun;
the other man stabbed him.
Connected with him
under the armpit.
Whoever he is,
he knows what he's doing.
It's only one cut, precise.
Completely cleaved
the vessel.
Yeah, well, the knife
and the could-be hero
is gone with the wind.
We got to find him.
He and Commander Jacoby
were closest to our perp.
Their information will be
the most reliable.
BRODY:
Well, if our second hero
were injured,
he would have been
taken in by the paramedics.
A lot of people were hurt
in the chaos.
I'll check it out.
Thanks, Loretta.
Sure.
I'll liaise with NOPD.
Chris, go to St. Teresa's.
Check on our commander
and his daughter.
LASALLE: You got it.
JACOBY:
So, no one else was killed?
Just the woman?
Thank God.
Commander, the gunman,
Brian Hendrich--
had you ever seen him before?
Earlier on the train?
I don't think so.
I-I barely even
remember his face.
Everything
happened so fast.
He was ranting
about the woman.
Said she was rude.
Thought I was getting
through to him.
If that other guy
hadn't helped...
This other guy...
tell me about him.
Never seen him before, either.
He was just sitting by us.
Well, we haven't been
able to find him.
Uh, he was... in his 20's.
But, uh, he seemed older.
He was good with Sadie.
He had a bad scar on his neck.
All the way up to his ear.
He put his hand in the
bullet hole in my Dad's neck,
kept it there till
the ambulance came.
Are these the clothes
you were wearing today?
: Yeah.
You mind if I take them?
Might be help us I.D.
our mystery man.
Whatever you need.
The guy's a hero.
And if you find him,
I'd like to thank him.
Me, too.
He saved my dad's life.
Thank you, guys.
BRODY:
I talked to all
the hospitals accepting victims,
and, so far, no one
matching the description
of our mystery man
has been admitted.
So he just disappeared.
I mean, why intervene
and then run off?
Camera shy?
Ran a check on the gun
Hendrich used.
First purchase, legal sale.
The gun store owner had
to give him a tutorial.
This guy had never handled
a firearm before.
Small blessing.
I guess.
So,  you talk
to Sonja lately?
It's been a couple days.
Pride says she's traveling.
Personal matter.
Well, King says it...
Ah, it's more what
he didn't say.
You're her work husband.
Come on, what do you know?
"Work husband?"
Now what in the Sam Hill
does that mean?
It's a thing.
Everyone knows it.
And you're Sonja's.
Now...
look...
Saved by the bell.
Autopsy results are in.
Morgan Oliver was shot once,
close range,
to the upper abdomen.
The bullet nicked her
right ventricle,
causing almost
instantaneous death.
Commander Jacoby said
Hendrich was ranting
about Morgan
before he shot her.
Hendrich was not the only one
intent to kill.
The man who stabbed him
knew severing
the axillary artery
would cause exsanguination.
He bled out.
Sounds like our mystery man's
got some training.
Like an assassin.
Or medical expertise.
He saved Jacoby's life
by applying pressure to his
wound in a specific way.
Anything else?
Hendrich had clozapine
in his system.
It's an antipsychotic.
Stays in the body
up to a week.
Levels were low,
so it suggests he had stopped
taking it recently.
That adds up.
NOPD found a full bottle
in his apartment.
Any indication
Hendrich knew Morgan?
Not according
to Morgan's friend.
They met in the dining car,
he followed them back
to their seats.
Apparently, she said something
that set him off.
All the hallmarks of a
mentally disturbed lone gunman.
One in a long line lately.
Too long.
So, case closed?
Uh, not so fast.
I, uh, I found something
interesting.
Floor's yours.
All right, so I started running
prints from the crime scene.
They were everywhere, which
makes sense on a public train.
Lots of people,
lots of touching.
That... sounds bad.
Anyway, uh, it would
take weeks to sort out
which prints go with whom,
but then Lasalle
brought me this.
Commander Jacoby's shirt.
Covered in Jacoby's blood,
which at first seemed
less than useful,
since we already had
an I.D. on him.
But then, I noticed this:
Fingerprint in the blood.
Exactly.
Now, only one person
touched Jacoby's shirt.
Three, if you count
the paramedics,
but I ruled them out,
which leaves the man who saved
Jacoby's life.
Now, it was a-a partial print,
smeared,
so it took a little doing,
but hey, I'm me.
I handled it.
So, meet our second hero,
Nolan Griffith.
Trained under the Marine Corps
Martial Arts Program.
Which explains
his knife-fighting skills.
Yeah, he served two tours
in Afghanistan
as a hospital corpsman.
We got a current address?
That's where things get
a little squirrely.
See, Corpsman Griffith
was captured by the enemy
overseas in 2012.
He was never found.
So, how the hell did he wind up
on a train in New Orleans?
It was a routine mission,
routine being a relative term
in Khyber Pass.
I was hit by an IED.
Torn up.
Insurgents started pouring in.
NEWSWOMAN: You ordered your men
to leave you,
and Nolan Griffith ignored you?
Administered tactical
combat casualty care.
That's when they grabbed him.
That was 2012.
Militants captured Nolan,
and left Manning to die.
But thanks to Nolan's
medical care, he survived.
Corpsman Nolan Griffith
was awarded the Bronze Star
in absentia.
BRODY:
Meanwhile, his captors
leaked videos of him
being tortured.
This was released
in October, 2014.
Aman Bashir.
Pakistani militant,
unhappy with his country's
military and economic
ties to the U.S.
Responsible for attacks
in Middle East, Europe,
and Asia.
That image of Nolan is almost
a year and a half old.
What've we got on him since?
Nothing.
No sign of him being alive,
and the Navy's compartmented
his files.
LASALLE: No scar.
Jacoby's daughter
said Nolan had a nasty scar
on his neck.
I don't see it here.
Nothing about it
in his military records.
Something happened to Nolan
between that video's recording
and yesterday.
Besides a scar.
Why is he hiding?
I'm gonna talk
to Navy Intel,
find out what they
aren't telling us.
Nolan must be
using an alias.
Dig into the train manifest,
find it.
On it, King.
Nolan's sister lives in...
Mississippi.
All right.
See if she knows why
her brother wound up here.
Been dozens of sightings
of Nolan over the years.
None panned out.
We found his fingerprints.
Witnesses say he saved a lot of
lives on that train yesterday.
That's my brother.
Trouble finds him
and he always saves the day.
You really
think he's alive?
We do.
I didn't believe in miracles...
What?
What aren't
you telling me?
Since Nolan's been back,
he hasn't contacted you,
or anyone...
Maybe he's forgotten things.
Losing our parents
nearly broke him.
And then
he was taken, tortured.
He's been to hell and back.
I can't believe
he's alive.
LASALLE:
This guy we're meeting--
he's Navy Intel?
Not Navy.
Civilian.
PRIDE:
DoD referred us to him.
LASALLE:
So...
CIA.
MAN:
Orangutans are my favorite apes.
They're cunning.
They often observe
their caregivers.
Learn their routines,
then they use that knowledge
to try to escape.
We got questions
about Nolan Griffith.
Heard you got answers.
It's possible.
And why are you asking?
'Cause he showed up
in New Orleans yesterday.
Which, given his history,
seems odd, to say the least.
Since you are so chatty,
maybe you can tell us
why a CIA agent is running
point on a missing sailor.
You think I ask to meet at the
local zoo, I must be a spy?
We think you're a spy
'cause you got Agency
written all over you.
You agreed to meet us.
There's a great deal
of public pressure
to find Corpsman Griffith.
We had men embedded
in the Khyber Pass.
Started poking around
for intel on his whereabouts.
His sister thought you came
close to finding him.
Actionable intelligence led
to a specific point
within the Spin Ghar.
We went in.
Things went sideways.
Never laid eyes on Nolan.
I thought he was long dead,
till you guys called.
You don't seem too excited
to find out he's alive.
First off,
don't know that he is.
Oh, we got fingerprints.
Eyewitness I.D.
Neither of which are foolproof.
Could be a scam.
Pretty confident in our
intel, and so are you,
or you wouldn't have come
all the way to New Orleans
just to look at apes.
Well, let's say you're right.
It could be another
Bowe Bergdahl type situation.
Not great for anyone.
If you'll excuse me,
it's feeding time
for the gorillas.
Meet Mathias Dressler.
He took the train from NOLA
all the way to its final stop
in Chicago,
then back again.
But I couldn't get a clear look
at his scars on any photos,
but this is how Sadie Jacoby
remembers it.
Mathias, AKA Nolan Griffith.
He's traveling
under a German passport.
He entered the U.S.
about two months ago
at the border crossing
of Nuevo Laredo.
So he wouldn't have been
flagged, 'cause if you're not
a Mexican or American,
no one pays much attention.
Okay, so, somehow he got
from Afghanistan to Texas?
And from there on to the
great state of Louisiana.
He's been in New Orleans
about three weeks, which is when
he signed this
lease agreement-- mm!
French Quarter.
All right, I'll call
Pride and Lasalle.
Thank you, Patton.
You got it.
BRODY:
Clear.
LASALLE:
All clear.
Hey, check this out.
Got some sort of...
powder residue on his shoes.
We'll get a sample to Sebastian.
And it's everywhere.
Trail ends at the chair.
Look at this.
Better get that to him, also.
PRIDE: He's running!
BRODY:
I'll call NOPD.
LASALLE:
NCIS! Hey!
*
PRIDE:
Out of the way!
TOUR GUIDE: A little-known fact
about Jean Lafitte...
Hey! You can't be in here!
What are you...?
So sorry about this, folks.
LASALLE: Where'd he go?
Which way'd he go?
Through there!
He almost knocked
me over, that jerk!
I hope you get him!
I just saw him.
I saw his face.
It's him. He's here.
Who's here?
Aman Bashir is in our city.
Landlord said
Nolan was a model tenant.
Quiet, kept to himself.
Ever see Bashir with him?
He saw someone.
Tall, olive skin.
Kept his face obscured.
Nolan and Bashir
both managed
to avoid every camera
in the vicinity.
Talked to U.S. Customs
and Border Protection.
No record of Bashir entering
or he would've been stopped,
but they did find this.
Nolan Griffith at the
border in Laredo.
Ran plates, got a hit.
Texas Rangers found
it abandoned.
False bottom.
Big enough to hold a man.
So, Nolan crossed into the U.S.
with Bashir hidden in his car.
Headed for New Orleans,
switched vehicles.
Rented an apartment...
All signs point to
Bashir planning an attack
in New Orleans, with Nolan.
Corpsman was Bashir's captive.
He was tortured,
nearly killed...
Probably fed all kinds
of lies, too.
I mean, you get angry enough,
feel abandoned
by your country...
So, you come all this way
to carry out this attack,
and then stop to save a bunch
of innocent people's lives?
What the hell were you doing,
tangling with Aman Bashir?
You blew six months...!
PRIDE: Whoa!
Whoa, whoa! Wait a minute.
of CIA surveillance!
Wait a minute, wait a minute!
If you told us
why you were here,
we would have handled
it differently.
I don't owe you
any explanations...
The hell you don't.
CIA has no jurisdiction
within the U.S.
I don't give a crap
about jurisdiction.
We're at war, trying to catch
some very bad guys.
So are we.
Now, you want to revise
your earlier answers?
Because if you were
spying on Bashir,
then you must have known
that Nolan smuggled him
into the country.
Aloha!
Sorry, I'm just-I'm really cold,
so I'm trying to say words
that make me feel more tropical.
You have company.
I'm sorry. Uh...
Do you want me to call back?
What do you got, Sebastian?
Well, I got the goodies
that you sent.
Uh, starting with the powder...
LASALLE: What is it?
Drugs
No, it's dust.
There's actually a ton
of different kinds of dust.
There's, uh, domestic,
atmospheric, cosmic...
I don't know what this is
just yet, but I'm into it.
What about the phone we found
in Nolan's apartment?
You found a phone?
We need to see it.
You'll have to wait your turn.
Ah, well, the-the phone
had a pretty intricate
encryption on it,
but I was able to crack it.
I found these.
Nolan's sister?
Thought she said she wasn't
in contact with him.
Photos suggest otherwise.
Also, fun fact:
one of the stops
on the Louisiana Cypress
just happens
to be Mariana's hometown.
So, uh, that's all I got.
Uh, oh, wait, um, the phone
had some coded texts on it...
Get it to Pat.
On it.
Look, I want to question
Nolan's sister.
I'll talk to my director.
You talk to yours.
Till they both sign off,
I don't want you anywhere
near that woman.
Clear?
Oh, we're clear.
MARIANA:
Don't know what to tell you.
I haven't seen Nolan,
and have no idea
who took those photos.
Nolan's prints are
on the porch swing.
They are fresh.
The photos, the train,
the prints--
he came here to see you.
Well, I didn't see him.
Those were taken from far away.
I didn't know I was being
photographed.
Okay.
Explain the swing.
Nolan used to sit on it
with our parents.
After they died,
he'd spend hours out here,
remembering.
He must have come home
because he missed it.
If he came all this way
to reminisce,
why didn't he reach out to you?
He must be protecting me.
That man, the one
you say he's with?
He's the monster.
He must be threatening Nolan,
forcing him to do things.
We've found no evidence that
your brother has been coerced.
Then look harder.
Tap my phones, follow me,
use me as bait.
I don't care.
I just want him back.
Whatever happens, please...
don't let me lose him again.
Hello, again.
Sebastian.
What'd you find?
I got more dust.
I scienced the hell out of it.
Sending the results
to your computer right now.
Turns out,
that this particular dust
is comprised of granite
particles and something called
respirable crystalline silica.
It's found mainly
on construction sites.
Nolan renovating
his kitchen?
Well, not exactly.
See, modern day granite
is treated with
a polyurethane water sealant,
but this was sealant free,
meaning that it's old.
Like, at least
a hundred years old,
back when it was the primary
building block of tombstones.
Well, he's been visiting one
of the city's many cemeteries.
Yeah, and I know
exactly which one, too.
I cross-referenced
cemeteries built before 1915
with current construction sites
and only got one result.
Lafayette.
Them CIA blowhards
can kiss my chiseled behind.
You gonna have to get
in line, Triple P.
You find something?
Man, I cracked the texts
on Nolan Griffith's cell phone.
The one that Sebastian
couldn't decipher.
Oh, I didn't even try
because I had more
pressing matters
than high-school-level decoding.
Only looks simple if you don't
know what you're doing.
At first glance,
it seems like
a standard AES encryption,
but it turns out to be
the 224-bit Rijndael cypher.
Less high school, more NSA.
Our missing Corpsman--
he's been sending and receiving
date and time
from another burner.
Last text contains tomorrow's
date at 9:00 a.m.
SEBASTIAN:
Anyway, uh, for what it's worth,
given the amount of dust that
was found in Nolan's apartment,
he'd have to be making frequent
trips to that cemetery.
Seeing how there's
hundreds of tourists
visiting Lafayette
Cemetery a day,
makes it an attractive target.
Guy in a red hoodie.
Can't get a view of his face.
Heading your way, Brody.
Negative.
Just a happy family.
LASALLE :
I got a visual.
North corner.
He's looking for someone.
Or something.
Maybe a signal?
LASALLE:
Yeah, it could be a detonator.
Okay, move in now.
Nolan Griffith-- NCIS!
Put your hands up!
PRIDE:
Easy.
Nowhere to go.
Drop it!
Here to help you.
You can't do this.
You want to explain?
You drop it,
or we take you out.
Drop it.
No, no, no. Get down here.
GRIFFITH:
You're making a mistake.
You take me in,
something awful's gonna happen.
PRIDE: You gotta
talk to us, Corpsman.
Whatever you're involved in,
it's not too late.
We can stop it.
We're gonna stay here.
As long as it takes.
The scar is not from Bashir.
I got it when I escaped
from my kidnappers.
You escaped?
Yes.
The night that
they thought you died.
I almost did.
One of my captors
set off a bomb.
I was hurt,
but I could still run.
I passed out somewhere
in the mountains,
and when I woke up,
I was in a tiny, remote village,
with my neck splayed open.
How'd you survive?
There was a woman...
...kind of like
the town's nurse.
Nasima.
She sewed me up.
She-she nursed me
back to health.
We f... we fell in love.
And, eventually,
we got married.
That's a nice story, son.
Having trouble buying it.
Why didn't you contact the U.S.?
The village had no communication
infrastructure.
It took me months to get better.
By the time I could travel,
I-I did.
I found a NATO base.
Not on your records.
No, sir, because it never
officially happened.
It's part of the plan.
The plan?
Nasima's third cousin
is Aman Bashir.
Chatter said... he was planning
an attack on U.S. soil.
They wanted me to join him,
undercover.
You want us to believe
that you convinced Bashir
that a U.S. Navy sailor
switched sides?
I married a Pakistani.
Bashir's flesh and blood.
I lived among them.
Believe what you want,
but I convinced Bashir
my perspective had changed.
If all this is true,
then when you and Bashir
crossed the border,
why didn't you go to the police
right away?
Bashir's not the only one here.
He's planning multiple attacks.
I... He sent me to Chicago
to drop money to another
one of his men.
New Orleans is
just the beginning.
Who's the other man?
What's the operation?
When is it gonna happen?
I don't know!
Come on, man!
I would tell you,
but I don't know.
I never met the other guy.
I just made the drop.
Bashir keeps us separate.
E-Everything is
on a need-to-know basis.
All I do know
is I have to meet
Bashir today at 3:00 p.m.
I have spent months--
months-- gaining Bashir's
confidence.
If I don't show up today,
he will know
that I am blown,
and we will lose him.
Who's we?
My CIA handler.
I need Calloway
here right away.
I'm on it.
You ain't believing this crap,
are you, King?
Don't know what to believe.
He's just stalling us
until the attack.
NCIS.
Maybe so,
but he's our only link.
That's why I need to talk
to Calloway direct.
Find him?
No, but NOPD did.
Witness came out for a smoke,
saw the blood, called it in.
NOPD noticed Calloway's
Belle Chasse visitor's pass.
WADE: Dwayne, I figured you'd
hear about this one.
It's multiple stab wounds
to the neck and torso.
Assailant came
at him from behind.
So, Calloway...
came to the cemetery
to meet up with Nolan.
Bashir saw him tailing Nolan,
grabbed him.
Yeah, or Nolan killed him,
and his whole story's a sham.
BRODY: Nolan is
trained with a knife.
He killed Hendrich
by severing an artery.
Yeah, Merri's right.
This is sloppier.
Any idea
time of death?
I'll know more in a few hours.
Yeah, well, we've got
exactly two of those
before Nolan's supposed
to meet with Bashir.
Yeah, if we let him go,
he's gonna help attack
New Orleans.
Or help us save it.
Thanks a lot, Charlie,
much appreciated.
NOPD canvassed the street
Calloway was killed on.
An old woman said she saw
a white utility truck
with some ad on the side.
Sounds like the same truck
I saw Bashir escape in.
She get plates?
She did not.
Wasn't wearing her glasses.
No hits on the BOLO.
You get anything?
A major case of the willies.
You ever been inside
a terrorist chat room?
It's not on my bucket list.
Yeah, well, it's...
pretty disturbing.
A lot of chatter
about an imminent attack,
and NOLA is listed
more than once.
Hear anything
about a target?
Superdome's popular.
Football season's over.
Okay, well, there is
a NASCAR thingy
at Motorsports Park...
It's not NASCAR, it's Indy.
There's a difference?
Please don't tell me
what it is.
Question:
why are you so sure
Nolan's telling the truth?
His story is messy.
You create a fake back story,
it is clear.
It's simple.
And the way he talks
about his wife...
he loves her.
Yeah, I bet he does.
Enough to get in bed
with her insurgent family.
He risked his life on that train
to save those people.
Why do that?
Why are you so sure
Nolan's lying?
Well, he was missing
for four years.
I mean, you hang
around crazy long enough,
be hard not to get suckered in.
You lie with dogs,
you wake up with fleas.
You're assuming that's
all he experienced.
Nolan's captors did
terrible things,
but the people who found him...
they saved his life.
I mean, that would be enough
to renew my faith in humanity.
Well, that says something
about you,
not Nolan Griffith.
All right,
at the end of the day,
we don't know who this joker is.
Maybe what he went through
made him stronger,
but maybe it just
made him angrier.
Calloway's dead.
What happened?
Stabbing at the cemetery.
Bashir.
After you found the apartment,
he knew someone was on to us.
He must have followed me.
Checked with his bosses.
They deny knowing
anything about your op.
It's the CIA.
They deny everything.
It's just you and me, Corpsman.
And it's 1:47.
When I was held captive,
they beat me.
They starved me.
There were times
I wanted to die.
But I couldn't let my sister
lose anyone else.
But you got out...
...so you claim.
Why would you go back?
Nasima.
She took me in.
She took care of me.
I hadn't felt that
kind of belonging since...
since before
my parents died...
and I wasn't about to leave
Nasima behind.
So, the CIA used your wife
to blackmail you
into helping them?
If they did that to me...
I can't tell you what
I might be capable of.
Sir...
I did not kill Adam Calloway.
And yes... I was angry.
I was angry... at first,
but when I learned that Bashir
was really planning
an attack...
I had to stop him.
I think you would, too.
LASALLE : You should
not have let him go.
I do not like this.
I'm losing sight of him.
BRODY:
I got him.
BRODY : He's headed
north on Royal Street.
Tracker's working.
:
Just maintain visual contact.
We're losing him.
LASALLE:
He's going around a corner.
Look like he's
heading in an alley.
Oh, no.
Nolan's tracker.
He's gone, King.
He played us.
We don't know that.
Well, do you see
him anywhere?
Look, he ditched us
and left this here
as a memento.
Reality is we don't know
what side he's on...
but we're prepared for anything,
right, Patton?
I been tracking our guy
the whole time.
Double tracking by Triple P.
I'm glad somebody's
playing it smart.
So, where is he, Patton?
Well, that's the thing.
I got eyes all over NOLA,
but there are 1,600 miles
of sewer below our fair city
and I can't see into them.
If our corpsman decided to go
in the manhole,
he could literally
be anywhere right now.
It's all a big con.
He used us.
How long ago did Nolan
go into the sewers?
14 minutes and 32 seconds.
Long enough to go about
two miles?
I'd give it a mile and a half
the most.
All right, gives us
a starting point.
Check all the exits
within the perimeter.
Way ahead of you.
We got dead ends, two stretches,
no exits within that time frame.
He could still
be down there.
PATTON: Maybe.
If he hasn't surfaced already
at one of the four
possible locations.
Okay, I'm checking on traffic
cams, surveillance footage,
checking all angles.
Oh, hell, yeah!
I got something!
I got a guy matching
Nolan's description
getting in the back
of a white truck.
Overman Heating and Air
Condition stenciled on the side.
LASALLE: That's the truck
I saw Bashir in,
and a witness saw the same truck
at Calloway's crime scene.
It just passed through
the traffic cam in The Quarter.
Dozens of soft targets.
Hotels.
Any events flagged
in the security alerts?
The Matisse Hotel.
Economic summit.
Focus is how U.S. aid
positively affects
the relationship
between the Middle East
and West.
Okay, checking
Matisse security cam...
got your white truck
pulling into the back entrance.
All right, get NOPD and SWAT,
and have them meet us there now.
(various indistinct
conversations)
NCIS!
Get your hands up.
Get them up!
BRODY:
Empty.
Burner phone,
same make as the one
we found in Nolan's apartment.
Where are they, huh?
Where they at?
Huh?
Where's Bashir?
SWAT team is ten minutes out.
NOPD is on the way.
We can't wait.
Where the hell are they?
It's got to be up there.
Yeah, it leads right
to the summit, King.
Alert... Alert hotel security
we're going
to evacuate the hotel.
Brody, you're with me.
We gotta find them now.
Go.
What the hell, Bashir?
Do you want to stop
pointing that gun at me?
Someone has found
the apartment.
You were being tailed.
We're dealing with this now?
Your timing's for crap.
I need to find out
if there were others.
How should I know?
Take this.
Your part is now.
Move. Move.
All right. All right.
LASALLE:
Everything is all right.
Just keep heading to the exits.
Keep it moving.
King, we're getting
everybody out,
but there's still no signs
of Nolan or Bashir.
Well, they're here somewhere.
They changed clothes.
If the summit isn't
their target, then what is?
Who isn't accounted for?
Got a list of attendees here.
Keynote speaker is
Vice President of IMF,
Marie Lovatelli.
She's supposed to give
a speech in ten minutes.
Where is she now?
I think she's still
in her room, King.
Yes?
Ma'am, hotel security.
Here to escort you
to the ballroom.
Of course.
Watch my back.
Shoot anything that comes
out of this elevator.
Federal agents!
BRODY:
Drop your weapons!
LASALLE:
Got you surrounded, Bashir.
PRIDE:
Put it down!
Nowhere to go, Bashir.
Damn you.
It's done, Bashir.
Put your weapons down.
Nolan, you too.
LASALLE:
Get on your knees.
PRIDE:
Listen to me.
Easy.
All right.
Putting it down.
PRIDE:
Easy.
Nolan!
Got a grenade.
Spoon is still intact.
It's over now, Corpsman.
There'll be a ceremony
for the Bronze Star,
and the Navy owes you
a whole lot of back pay.
Not to mention
a debt of gratitude.
Bashir and the men with him
were planning attacks
on three cities.
Thanks to your help,
we were able to stop them.
Hey...
you're not hearing a word
I'm saying, are you?
I'm sorry, sir, I...
I-I know you said the flight
got in safely, but...
I understand.
Right through here.
GRIFFITH:
Nasima.
Oh, my God.
Baby brother.
:
Mariana.
GRIFFITH:
You met Nasima?
MARIANA:
Of course.
And your son.
He came early.
He's healthy and strong.
:
Da, da, da...
Like his father.
Here, hold him.
BRODY:
I was right about Nolan.
First time for
everything, right?
LASALLE:
Ah, I'm glad you were.
I like a storybook ending.
Who doesn't?
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Uh-oh.